[Narrator] Last time on Dragon
Ball Z Kai!
Goku undertook the perilous
journey down Snake Way
to receive training
from King Kai!
Meanwhile, to prepare for
the arrival of the Saiyans
in one year's time,
Piccolo introduced Goku's
son Gohan to some unique
training methods of his own...
It seems the timid boy
possesses a vast amount of
hidden power,
but will it be enough?
Training resumes--today!
♪ energetic rock music ♪
Wilderness Survival! A Moonlit
Night Awakens Gohan
[wind blowing]
So.. What now?.. uh, I mean..
How do.. I train?
For now.. you don't have to do
anything.. Just survive.
Survive?
After six months.. if you've
managed to stay alive..
I'll teach you how to fight.
Y-You're leaving
me?!.. You can't!..
I can't stay out here
all by myself! Alone!
You won't be by yourself..
No.. You'll have plenty of..
hungry wild animals..to
keep you company.
You mean like..
lions and tigers?..
but they'll eat me!
Quiet!.. No more whining!..
It's time to start acting
like a man.. Understand?!
But.. what do I do?
Whatever it takes to stay
alive for six months.
If you can find a way to do
that, then at the end...
You'll be a stronger fighter--
both in body and in mind.
Remember this.. There's a
great power inside you,
just waiting to be unlocked..
but it's up to you to
bring it out. Use it!..
Believe in your ability!
If you want to survive,
you'll need to learn how
to summon your powers
whenever you need them.
But.. what if I..can't?
Heh.
Wait!.. What am I supposed to
eat? I don't have any food!
Or water!... Or a bath!..
Or a bed! Or anything--!
I guess that's something you're
just gonna have to figure out.
I never said this
would be easy.
This is the path that
fate has chosen for you.
The sooner you accept
it, the better.
Wait!..
Stop! Don't go! You
can't leave me here!...
Come back! I don't know
what to do all by myself!
Kami?.. What is it?.. Is
something troubling you?
It's Piccolo.. I can still
feel the evil in his heart,...
and yet... there seems to be
a change coming over him,
Mr. Popo...
He is not acting like the
villain I would expect.
(ah) It is odd... The
old King Piccolo
never would have been willing
to train Goku's son.
Yes.. I found it equally
surprising when he agreed to
forge an alliance with Goku,
in order to fight Raditz.
I realize he had his own selfish
motives for doing so...
But still...
it does not change the fact that
he chose to defend the Earth...
And though it may
seem Piccolo's
true evil nature
revealed itself
when he eliminated Goku
along with Raditz...
We must not forget, that Goku
chose to make that sacrifice..
Not only that...
but he can be easily revived
with the Dragon Balls...
Piccolo knows that Goku
is certain to return,
and yet he has still
chosen to train his son --"
a boy that may one
day grow to be a
powerful enemy in
his own right...
[Mr Popo] When you put it that
way.. it doesn't make sense...
Perhaps it does, Mr.
Popo.. Perhaps it does..
Piccolo may have
realized as I have,
that in one year, we will die.
No.. Kami...
I'm sorry, Mr. Popo.. but
I have foreseen it...
I do not know the exact
cause of our passing...
whether Piccolo will lose
his life to the Saiyans,
or if I will simply
succumb to old age.
But the result is the same.
My life force is forever
bound with Piccolo's.
We are two halves
of the same being.
One cannot exist
without the other...
Hmhmhmhm You might say
it's...the curse of foresight:
seeing the day...
of my own demise.
If Piccolo has sensed my mind..
He may wish to pass his
knowledge on before he dies..
Even.. if it's to the
son of his own enemy.
But.. What about..
the Dragonballs?
They.. will vanish..
along with me...
[Goku] Wow. I had no idea
Gohan was so strong!
What he did against Raditz
today was amazing!
I guess he's a chip of the
old block after all!
Huh... Wait a sec!..
No one ever actually said I had
to stay on the path, did they?
[Goku] I should've done this
from the start!
Yow-ow-ow-ow!
That was too close
for comfort..
Maybe running isn't
so bad after all...
[dinosaur stomping]
[frightened yelling]
Help me!.. Please!..
Ah! Somebody help!
[wind blowing]
Now I'm stuck...! Help...
Somebody...?! I can't get down!
Oh man!.. I don't know what
that guide was talking about!
He said since I was up here,
I wouldn't have to worry
about food, but--I'm starving!
[Roshi] What? You didn't tell
her?!
I'm sorry. I just couldn't.
I was gonna, but, you
know, it just.. oh...
You mean... none of it?
Right...
You're hopeless,
you know that?..
All you had to do was blurt
it out, it's not hard.
Heh.. Sure, it's easy
for you to say...
Try lookin' Chichi
in the face...
then you tell her Goku's
dead. It's impossible!
Well.. can't say I blame ya.
But we can't.. not tell her...
Yeah, yeah, I know..
So how about this--..
we'll write a letter
to Chichi instead!
You mean I'm off the hook?..
That's a great idea!
Okay, so what about
the Dragon Balls?..
The two at Goku's place?..
Tell me you still managed
to pick them up, at least.
um.. I forgot.
Totally hopeless.
[crying]
I'm hungry.. and cold...
and tired.. and scared...
Wow, apples.. Guess they
must've fallen here.. I'm saved!
Oh well...
These things.. are sour...Ugh,
that's gross...
I miss my Mom's cooking..
I wanna eat a real dinner!
Oh, come on! He's lucky
he even got that.
[Piccolo] I hope you enjoyed it,
kid.
That's the one and only time
I intend to help you...
If you can't survive on
your own after this,
then it means I was
wrong about you...
And you're just a
normal little brat.
Ahh!.. That's bright!
What am I gonna do?.. I'm
stuck up here!.. oh,
I'm never gonna get down.. and
I'm still starving!.. waaah!
Believe me. When his stomach
rumbles loud enough,
he's gonna find a way down.
He kept Gohan out all night and
didn't even bother calling once!
Uh... it's been so long since
he's seen all of his friends..
He probably just lost
track of time, you know..
then, decided to spend the
night with Master Roshi.
Well, that's still just
poor parenting!..
Gohan has his schoolwork
to think about!
Come on, missing one day's
not that big of a deal, is it?
Yeah? But where does it stop?!
First it's just a single day..
then the next thing you know,
my son's a homeless bum!
Ahh... Chichi!
[Bulma] There, that should do
it...
Hey, guys!.. Hop to!
I think I got it working!
[yelling]
Listen! I have been
up all night,
and I am a little bit
irritable right now!
You do not want to get on
my bad side this morning!
Now, then.. let's try this
again.. "Hop to, guys!"
Uhh . . hop where?
Come on.. stand up so I can put
this baby through its paces.
[Bulma] I changed the characters
in the display
to make it easier to read..
ah! One-thirty-nine!
One-thirty--?.. Oh, no, Bulma,
I'm much older than that.
It's not your age,
it's your strength.
Your "power level" or whatever.
It can tell you that just
by lookin' at me?..
wow.. That's an
amazing device...
One-Thirty-Nine, that
sounds tough to beat!
Okay, okay, c'mon, my turn!
What's my number, Bulma?
[Bulma] How 'bout that?
Two-Oh-Six!
Hey!.. I'm stronger than you!..
"The student has
surpassed the master!"
Wha--.. Hold on!..
You sure you fixed it?!
Not to brag, but I am sort
of a whiz at this stuff.
[Yajirobe] He-y-y-y-y-y! Hey!
Yeah, "hey" yourself.. Who is
that? You ever heard'a knockin'?
Shut up.
Huh... Oh yeah, I remember you.
You're, um, eh..uh..
What's your name again?
It's Yajirobe! You know that!
Now quit askin'
stupid questions!
Listen--Korin told
me to tell you
to come to the tower
for special training.
Wait, as in the Korin?
"Hey, look at me. I'm
know-it-all Korin"
That's the guy. And he wants
you to bring Yamcha..
and Ten-somebody, and
uh.. Chow-whatever.
Oh... You mean Tien
and Chiaotzu, right?
Not me...?
Did I say you? Just get over
to Korin Tower and stuff...
I'm training with you, too.
What? Really?
Yeah.. Crazy, huh?..
I told Korin "there's no way I'm
fightin' any stupid aliens",
and he went through the roof!
I thought he was gonna
kill me.. He's serious.
Wow! It, uh.. sounds like
we don't have a choice.
You don't.. or at
least I didn't...
But I don't care. Do
whatever you want!
Oh..wait.. I almost
forgot. Don't wish Goku
back to life with
the Dragon Balls
until the Saiyans arrive
one year from now!
What?.. Bu- But why?
Beats me..
Somethin' about "special
training in the Other World"
or somethin' like that.
Some lady named Baba's
supposed to come by later
to tell you the rest..
so just ask her.
Later losers!
Wait!.. My sister?...
She's coming?!
So.. what's Goku doing again?
No idea...
Hey, uh... I think he
might be coming back.
Hel-lo there! Master Roshi!
It's good to see you!
Hello everybody!
It's Ox King! And
he's with Chichi!!
This is bad, right?..
What do we do? Roshi?
Well.. I guess it's too late
to write that letter...
[Ox King] Master Roshi! It's
been far too long! (ha ha)
How are you teacher?
I hope the years are
treating you well? (ha ha)
Uh.. So far so good...Years...
Alright, where are they!..
I know they're here
somewhere! Start talking!
Well uh... They're a...
it's like this...
Huh?
[Roshi whispering]
You guys let that Piccolo
monster take my son?!
You're saying Goku had to--"
I mean--" That he's, uh--!
He's... in other world.
[Ox King] Chichi!.. Oh, get the
smelling salts, Krillin...
[wind blowing]
This is stupid. I don't even
know how I got up here...
Hm?
Why do I still have a shadow
when it's night time?
Wow...! That's the
biggest moon ever!...
It's so bright! It
must be a full moon!
I've never seen one
of those before...
[magic laser beam]
Huh?! What the--?
[heart pounding]
[yelling]
[beast noises]
[roar]
[ground crumbling]
[explosion]
[Piccolo] If he keeps this up,
the Earth will be destroyed
before the Saiyans
even get here...!
But, how do I stop him...?!
[Raditz] Don't play
dumb!.. You must know!
You've lived on this
planet your entire life!
The full moon is
key to unlocking
a Saiyan's true potential!
[Piccolo] That's it! The full
moon... They need the moon!
[huge moon explosion]
[roar]
So that's the secret of
the Saiyans' power...
It's that tail of theirs...
Somehow it gives
them the ability
to transform at a full moon.
If that's the case,
it's probably for the best
that I destroyed it...
If a boy did this much damage,
I hate to think what
the other two Saiyans
would have done when
they arrived...
But now, without the moon, they
won't be able to transform.
And we'll be on a more
level playing field.
In fact, we have an
advantage now...
because we know that their
tails are a weak point.
Which means right now, the kid's
tail is only a liability.
There. Now you need some new
clothes. Maybe a sword.
I suppose I could at least
provide you with that much.
The clothes are
like your fathers.
But the symbol shows
you're from my camp.
That's it. I've already done
more for you than I intended.
I don't have time to
baby-sit you any longer.
I have my own training to do.
If you can survive out here
for six months on your own,
you'll see me again...
And then you'll see
what you're made of when
your real training begins.
And when you learn what I
have in store for you...
I promise... you're not going
to be happy to see me.
[Narrator] The Earth's
fighters are one step closer
to being prepared for
the Saiyans' arrival.
But for son and father alike--
a long, hard road still lies
ahead! Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ fast electronic music ♪
[Goku] Hey, it's me, Goku!...
I'm getting closer and closer
to the end of Snake Way!
[King Kai] Oh? Well I hope you
make good "serpen-time"...!
[Goku] Huh?
[King Kai] Get it?
Like "serpentine"...
"Serpent", "Time"...
oh, I'm too much...
[Goku] Are you King Kai?
'Cause I was expecting someone
a little more serious...
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
The End of Snake Way!
King Kai's Bizarre Test!
[Gohan] Wow... my Dad sure is
strong!